# Random Games
This is a collection of some random games I have created over the years, 
here they are in their raw glory. I may not go back to complete these, 
but feel free to add your spin to them if you want.

### Connect 4
This is a game played on the terminal, each player types in their marker
with an alphanumeric character. Player 1 and Player 2 drop their markers to 
get a 4-in-a-row, the program detects straight and diagonal 4-in-a-rows and 
declares the winner.

Note: the detection is not perfect, someone should fix this.

### Defeat Evil!
Defeat Evil! is a game that I created towards the end of my senior year of 
high school (spring 2016), it took me several months to implement the whole
thing...and it is still not complete in my eyes. Unfortunately, I cannot 
set up the environment to run the graphics library Dark GDK, thus I have 
not run my amazing creation in years :-(

This game is basically an automatic side scroller, the player controls a 
ship and shoots lasers at enemies that come from the right-side of the 
screen. Along the way there may be power-ups that rain down, these power-
ups give super speed, fast lasers, and triple shot. The player progresses 
across 10 levels, at the end of each level the player must defeat a level 
boss. At the last level the player must defeat the "emperor" of the bad 
guys, that's it. If anyone could set me up with an environment that runs
Dark GDK stuff, that would be great :-)

I do reference images and music files, I have decided not to include those
here since they include others' works. 

### Sudoku
This is a game played on the terminal. Essentially the player starts with
an empty board each 3x3 with all zeros, and the player fills in every
entry. I have not tested it to the extent I wanted to, and it may have
bugs. I will not explore this project any further.
